Dev/load embedding (#245)
Adapter-Hub/adapter-transformers: adapter_docs/embeddings.md

# Embeddings

> This latest version of the `adapter-transformers` supports dynamically adding, loading, and deleting of `Embeddings`. This section
> will give you an overview of these features. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since v2.3.0, `adapter-transformers` supports dynamically adding, loading, and deleting of `Embeddings`. This section
will give you an overview of these features. 
```
